docker-save: add page (#4936)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/docker-save.md

# docker save

> Export one or more docker images to archive.
> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/save/>.

> - Save the image by redirecting output to archive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Save an image by redirecting `stdout` to a tar archive:
```

> `docker save {{image}} > {{path/to/file.tar}}`

Reviewer: Based on the example 3, is this an `image:tag`?
```suggestion
`docker save {{image}}:{{tag}} > {{path/to/file.tar}}`
```

Author: yes

- Save an image to a tar archive:

> `docker save --output {{/path/to/file.tar}} {{image}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker save --output {{path/to/file.tar}} {{image}}:{{tar}}`
```

- Save all tags of the image:

> `docker save --output {{/path/to/file.tar}} {{image_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`docker save --output {{path/to/file.tar}} {{image_name}}`
```

# docker save

> > Export one or more docker images to archive.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Export one or more docker images to a file.
```

> More information: <https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/save/>.

- Save the image by redirecting output to a file:

> `docker save {{image}} > {{path/to/file}}`

Reviewer 2: Does the filename generally have a specific extension? If so, we can indicate that here by using `path/to/file.foo.bar` (this is only an example of course).

- Save an image to a tar archive:

`docker save --output {{/path/to/file.tar}} {{image}}`

- Save all tags of the image:

`docker save --output {{/path/to/file.tar}} {{image_name}}`

> - Use gzip to save the image:

Reviewer 2: Generally, we avoid documenting the functionality of other commands on a given page.
